LICENSING

The license agreement is simple. We want app developers who purchase our assets to be able to use them freely, without any limitations.

 

NO ROYALTIES 
NO HIDDEN COSTS
ANY PLATFORM
UNLIMITED TIME
UNLIMITED COPIES SOLD
TERMS OF USE
 

Copyright, distribution rights and other intellectual property rights for 'Spooky Background Asset' (from now identified as "Assets") content are owned by Biim Games and protected by law.
Copyright may not be transferred after purchase, the “licensee” is the only one entitled to usage rights.
Right to use does not imply an exclusive license. Biim Games reserves the right to offer the same content to other licensees (you are granted a non-exclusive, non-trasferable license to use all of the content).
Purchase of assets grants a license to use the content for your own projects or for your client who asked you to create it (e.g., game, mobile app, advertisement, web, etc.). There is no time limitation on how long you can use the content (the license never expires).
Unauthorized reproduction, redistribution, or resale of Assets content is prohibited, in whole or in part and cannot be stored on a network or on the Internet where it may be acquired by a third party (this includes making it available on your hard-drive for direct download – peer-to-peer software).
Uses of Assets content which could be deemed immoral, unethical or potentially illegal are strictly prohibited.
Prices and availability are subject to change.
Any claim relating to Biim Games shall be governed by the laws of  NSW (Australia) without regard to it’s conflict of law provisions.
Licensee may use the content in any personal projects or commercial projects, as long as  the content is protected from extraction and none of the points above have been violated.
If you aren’t sure of something that is not addressed explicitly in this license, assume it is not allowed and please contact us via support for clarification and permission.
There are no refunds on digital products once you have downloaded them on your system.
 

Any violation of this license agreement will be subject to revoking the license.


© 2018 Biim Games